so Sanaa allows fishing boats to find
and follow the shows
Kilauea Sara allows them to keep their
prey under surveillance in any
conditions including darkness or murky
water
fishermen and killer whales have shared
these waters for centuries up until the
mid nineteen hundreds the whales always
who the fishermen they were faster than
the boats and better at finding the fish
but all that changed when people
discovered sooner now the boats were
able to turn the whales own technique
against them and for a short time the
whales found themselves out competed by
the fishermen
but that didn't last for long
soon the whales understood that the
behavior of the boats was a useful guide
to the whereabouts of the herring and
because they don't need cumbersome nets
the whales can get in quick and grab
some action ahead of the competition
in a changing world killer whales have
learned to modify their culture to stay
a step ahead of the game
this ability to adapt to new situations
and learn new behaviors is what makes
killer whales so successful
it's only when the whales are competing
head-to-head with people that we really
begin to appreciate their intelligence